Something you’d never hear in a lullaby.
The worst thing to say during a job interview.
A rejected name for a Crayola crayon.
A bad theme for a children’s birthday party.
The name of a dating app for ghosts.
The worst flavor of ice cream ever conceived.
A movie title if it were made about your life.
Something you should never whisper.
The strangest thing to find in your sock drawer.
What aliens really think of Earth.
A rejected title for a Harry Potter book.
What Mario says when he’s not in a good mood.
The least heroic thing Batman has ever done.
What Yoda would say during a breakup.
The next weird TikTok trend will involve ____.
A terrible new spin-off of The Office.
What “Fast & Furious 12” will be about.
A rejected Marvel superhero.
The new name for Twitter in 2030.
A surprising thing found in SpongeBob’s fridge.
A failed slogan for adult diapers.
The worst thing to find in a breakfast cereal box.
A bad name for a luxury car brand.
The next awful fast-food item nobody asked for.
A perfume that smells like regret would be called ___.
A rejected energy drink flavor.
The slogan for the worst airline ever.
The least appetizing name for a restaurant.
A fitness app for lazy people would feature ____.
The title of the worst cookbook ever.
The worst last words to put on your tombstone.
The title of a children’s book written by a serial killer.
What not to bring to a funeral.
A terrible idea for a haunted house theme.
Something you never want your doctor to say.
A dark secret the Tooth Fairy is hiding.
Why your imaginary friend stopped talking to you.
A bad name for a retirement home.
The reason the skeleton didn’t go to the party.
A not-so-super power you wouldn’t want.
What really sank the Titanic (not the iceberg).
A little-known law in Florida.
A bad name for a political party.
The real reason dinosaurs went extinct.
What caused the fall of the Roman Empire (this time).
The weirdest thing discovered on the Moon.
What Ben Franklin was actually thinking.
Something you'd never expect to find in a time capsule.
A conspiracy theory involving garden gnomes.
A lesser-known commandment.
The worst possible dating profile bio.
A horrible first date activity.
A bad pickup line—so bad it might work.
What not to say when meeting the parents.
The new dating show on Netflix is called ____.
A secret dealbreaker in every relationship.
The weirdest thing to happen on a honeymoon.
An awkward way to end a date.
A weird love song title.
The last text you want to get from your ex.
The worst reason to get fired.
A weird thing to put on your resume.
A subject they should teach in school.
A terrible way to start a Zoom meeting.
What you’d find in a truly cursed office fridge.
The worst career advice ever.
An embarrassing school mascot.
A college major for people who hate everything.
Something no boss should ever say out loud.
A group project nightmare scenario.
A terrible gift to get on Valentine’s Day.
The real reason Santa wears red.
A spooky decoration that’s just too much.
The weirdest Thanksgiving side dish.
The Easter Bunny’s secret side hustle.
A new Halloween costume that’s just wrong.
A rejected New Year’s resolution.
A strange way to celebrate Groundhog Day.
The worst Christmas carol title.
A romantic thing to do on April Fool’s Day.
The worst name for a planet.
A really bad reason to go to jail.
Something you wouldn’t expect to hear at a wedding.
The first thing you’d do after switching bodies with your dog.
A weird side effect of eating too many pickles.
An unusual superstitious belief.
What people in 3025 do for fun.
The last thing you want to hear before going under anesthesia.
A cursed fortune cookie message.
A weird hobby to admit on national TV.
Describe a nightmare vacation.
A weird thing to do while sleepwalking.
The strangest reason someone went viral.
Something a time traveler should never say.
What not to name your yacht.
A rejected slogan for planet Earth.
Something you’d say during a heist… that ruins it.
A weird thing to keep in your glove compartment.
The worst reason to break up with someone.
The title of your autobiography… if written by your enemy.
The worst power-up in a video game would do this.
A terrible name for a new Pokémon.
The real reason Mario keeps chasing Peach.
A surprising thing you’d find in Master Chief’s backpack.
The least useful item in Minecraft.
A rejected Mortal Kombat finishing move.
The next bizarre crossover game will combine ____ and ____.
The worst job in the Mushroom Kingdom.
What Link really wants to say when someone asks him to save Hyrule again.
A video game that should never, ever be turned into a movie.
The final boss of a game called “Adulting Simulator.”
A secret cheat code in The Sims does this.
A ridiculous reason someone rage-quit Call of Duty.
A knockoff of Fortnite would be called ____.
The weirdest character mod in Skyrim would turn everyone into ____.
A new Animal Crossing villager that absolutely no one wants.
The worst weapon to add in a battle royale game.
The secret ingredient in a health potion.
What happens when you try to teabag the final boss.
A video game easter egg that would totally ruin the immersion
